>> Steve Kinney: Let's talk about our
first contestant on the Agent A code is
right, which is Cursor.
I'm going to show you this next slide,
which is a picture of a web page that's
going to buy you a second in case you
need to go Download it@cursor.com that is
my reminder to remind you to
download it if you have not.
As I explained a few things that
thereby when I go jump into it,
you also have it downloaded.
Cursor, effectively,
has three and a half modes.
I rolled two of them in together,
mostly because I was running
out of room on the slide.
Three of them that you can trigger and
one of them that is just kind of there and
is arguably my favorite.
You've got inline edit,
which is this is true with Copilot and
Visual Studio Code as well.
You highlight some text or
put your cursor somewhere in the document.
You hit Cmd or Ctrl+K and
you get a little modal above your code.
For those of you who
are Vs Code power users,
you're like Cmd+K is what I use
to use move windows around.
That's Cmd+R.
Now you'll get the muscle memory
eventually and you'll hate it.
Whenever you switch back and forth
you have then Cmd or Ctrl+L, Ctrl for
the Windows folks and Linux folks,
Cmd for the Mac, Cmd for
those of you who have a Cmd key.
Ctrl for those of you who don't,
which opens up that chat window
along the side, much like ChatGPT.
In the past that was very much
like ChatGPT where you could talk
to it about the code.
And these tools are great because they
have the context of your code base and
will learn, as I alluded to, we'll learn
lots about managing what context it has,
but it knows about your code base.
A lot of times it is better than
my old workflow of just randomly
asking ChatGPT how to write
a really fast hashing algorithm.
Now I can at least see
what I'm trying to do.
So on and so forth.
In that same side panel,
there's also this idea of agent mode.
Agent mode is and
now go do things to my code base for me,
they're kind of in there.
Third and a half is this tab, which you
might remember from GitHub, copilot and
visual Studio code.
The Cursor one's just better.
It's just like if you started renaming
a variable or tweaking something or
even should probably delete a conditional
that wasn't doing anything.
You'll see it highlighted.
We'll have to see that in practice because
it's very hard to create a situation where
I know it will do it reliably, but it'll
do it, it's all the time and it will just
kind of that tedious thing and
not only for where you are in the code.
Let's say you changed
two variables names or
added a fourth argument
to a given function.
It will then give you the ability to hit
tab to jump down 200 lines to the next
place where you probably
were going to go do that.
Honestly, not all of this working
with AI tools has to be generate me
a SaaS app in a weekend.
Sometimes it can be don't make me hunt and
look for that code,
which is very nice stuff.
It will read your ESLint errors and
let you jump to them, so on and so forth.
So those are kind of the three and
a half major modalities and we'll kind of
take a look at them in a second as I buy
you a little bit of time to download this.
Like I said before, we are going to
look at all of these things in a second.
But the best practices from earlier apply.
If you don't review the code,
you deserve whatever happens to you.
If you don't use version control,
So on and so forth.
It has some heuristics.
Again, it is not magic for how this works.
It will read whatever file
you currently have open.
That entire file is there.
It has a list of the recently viewed files
that it will determine if it needs to go
reread those.
It will try to do a search look for
active lintering compilers and
recent edit history.
There are some caveats though,
because again you can only load so
much into context.
It tries to be clever and if you don't
know how it is clever, then you don't know
why it's not working, which is it'll
get the first 250 lines of a file and
if it's searching we'll get
the first hundred lines.
So you can either there's some lessons
to learn about how do you architect your
code base there?
Is it that you just assume that and
just deal with it or
do you keep your files under 250 lines or
as close as you can possibly
get away with it might
use a smaller model if
you give it more to do.
So on and so forth.
We can figure out ways.
Okay, if 250 is a little hard,
maybe it's 400.
Can we have ESLint rules that stop
any AI writing code from making
files because it will make you 1000
line file that then cannot read.
Can you keep these files smaller,
so on and so forth.
Can you actually point it in the right
direction rather than rely on these
heuristics?
You can say I need you to look at this
file, this file and this file, or
in this folder, or this given
symbols are basically a function or
a variable name or a class or something
like that, or go read these docs.
You actually give it a URL for
the docs and
we'll go read those docs
before you do the thing.
Or go search the web for
the recent version of Svelte or
Zod or React or Redux or what have you and
go read that before we do the thing and
all of those things.
The other conceptual thing
just to wrap our heads
around is you get a choice of models,
right?
And that choice has trade offs, even
if you are infinite money bags, right?
Like there are trade offs in all of those.
Because the bigger the model,
the longer it's going to take,
the more it has a bigger context window.
Cool, now it has to process that.
You got the anthropic models,
which we'll see again later in the day.
Sonnet is the daily driver.
There's older versions of Sonnet,
so on and so forth.
There's Haiku as well,
which is even smaller.
Opus is the big one.
Opus will cost you somewhere between
four and six times as much though.
A lot of times in dollars or
in rate limits, your choice, same thing.
I gotta say, even as somebody who aspires
to be good at front end engineering,
that's a pretty nice looking ui.
As long as you like Tailwind, that's
a pretty nice UI that you did there.
I like it, I'm impressed.
Some code, simplification,
refactoring sometimes.
It is usually my go to for coding tasks.
For brainstorming,
I tend to use either Gemini or O3,
which we'll talk about in a second.
But for the actual doing of the code,
I really like Sonnet most of
the time because it's that sweet
spot of affordable and also good.
We like that sweet spot.
We've got the Google family of models.
The numbers change, but
you've got Flash, you've got Pro.
Flash is fast Pro does thinking,
which is before it tries to do anything,
it thinks about what does it mean by that
question and considers an approach before.
Before spitting out an answer,
which I aspire to be good at one day.
It has a giant window.
OpenSoc has a giant window.
And O3 does as well of 200 million tokens.
So for those keeping track at home,
that's almost like 8 million characters.
That said, your entire
conversation is taking up that.
So work accordingly.
I really like it for code reviews or
giving it an entire repo and saying,
help me make sense of this
because you can even.
I'll show you some tools towards the end
of our time together where you can
even just go into regular Gemini,
like the browser chat thing and
give it an entire code base and
be like, help me make sense of this.
So it's great for the planning because
you can feed it in the entire code base.
Maybe it's not so
good then the surgical precision there.
But again, you're in the brainstorming,
you're in the planning phase.
Also, it's deep research is far and
away, in my opinion the best.
It feels faster if you download
both Gemini CLI today and
Claude Code,
Gemini always just seems a lot faster.
Again, these could always change at some
point too, but it's really good for,
I think, writing, brainstorming,
understanding a large code generation.
I use a lot more for the planning and
I use a lot of the anthropic models for
the actual doing of the thing.
Sonnet will go wild if you leave it
on its own because it's very good at
writing code.
You have somebody on your team like that,
right?
Very good at writing a lot of code.
Yeah, you got the OpenAI ones.
Again, brainstorming predominantly.
What am I missing here
is what I use it for.
Less likely to hallucinate
on the factual questions.
Not so good at writing code.
Sorry.
In my opinion, your mileage may vary and
we'll definitely give up halfway through
a task if you actually haven't tried
to implement something 40 in particular,
I'm looking at you.
That said Sonnet,
we'll do that sometimes as well.
So again, it is a lot of times the one
I am brainstorming with as well.
Sometimes it just depends on the day and
my mood.
But yes, this one I don't use,
but it's worth mention.
You can host your own models.
There's an app called LM Studio which
I think is cross platform which
will download models from Hugging Face and
and
let you host whatever your poor
little computer can handle.
Great.
If you are like I don't need ChatGPT,
not the GPT models.
It's remembering every conversation
you have and referencing it.
Knows what kind of car I drive.
I don't like that.
So I get it.
And so you better have some pretty good
hardware you can host your own models,
you can give it an OpenAI compliant
API around any given model you find.
That said, you probably don't have the
hardware for this in any meaningful way,
but I think it's always a useful thing.
So there's this app LM code.
You can download all of these different
models, you can chat with it,
you can expose it as a local host
server and it'll have you can point
the OpenAI SDK at it and
use your own models on your machine.
I think definitely worth playing with and
worthy mention if
you're getting the scaries from
shipping all of your code or
your security and IT department
is getting the scaries as well.
This is theoretically an option that one
day when I own a $10,000 Mac Studio,
I might use the last piece of advice.
Smaller models are also faster,
cheaper models.
If you're on a free plan,
you are rate limited.
If you like to use it,
I will say I can confirm that and
we'll see this later with Claude code.
If you write a really good detailed plan,
if you do all the things that we're
going to talk about today, if you have the
feedback loops, if you have solid plans.
If you've written everything
out in incredible detail,
a small model with good detail plan will
do better than Opus let loose, right?
If I have to do one like major hit
on the theme of today, that is it.
And with that, let's go look at another.